The data was extracted from the ski resort website www.skiresort.info. the data describes multiple features of over 5000 ski resorts across the world.

There is location information, basic ski resort statistics and ratings foe 18 features describing the accessibility, snow condition amongst other features. Each feature is described below:

Resort Name: The name of the resort.
Continent: The Continent the resort is located in.
Country: The country the resort is located in.
State/Province: Further refinement of the resort location to state or province level.
URL: The URL that the majority of the data was extracted from.
Altitude: The elevation in metres above sea level.
Easy: The cumulative distance of beginner slopes in km.
Intermediate: The cumulative distance of intermediate slopes in km.
Difficult: The cumulative distance of difficult slopes in km.
Funicular: Typically a cable car tram capable of carrying 100's of passengers from the base to the top of the mountain.
Circulating ropeway/gondola lifts: The number of gondola lifts available.
Chairlift: The number of chair lifts available.
T-bar lift/platter/button lift: The number of T-bar lifts available.
Sunkid Moving Carpet: The number of Sunkid moving carpets available.
Adult: The estimated price of an adult (age > 16 ) ski pass in local currency.
Youth: The estimated price of an youth ski (6 > age > 16) pass in local currency.
Child: The estimated price of an child (age < 6) ski pass in local currency.
Currency: The definition of the local currency
Ski resort size: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the size of the resort.
Slope offering, variety of runs: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the slope offering of the resort.
Lifts and cable cars: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the number, quality and capacity of the lifts at the resort.
Snow reliability: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the reliability and quality of the snow.
Slope preparation: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the quality of the slope preperation.
Access, on-site parking: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the parking accessibility of the resort.
Orientation (trail map, information boards, sign-postings): A rating (out of 5 stars) for the presentation of the trail map as well as available information boards and sign postings on the slopes.
Cleanliness and hygiene: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the apparent cleanliness of public spaces and access to public toilets.
Environmentally friendly ski operation: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the environmentally freindliness of the resort.
Friendliness of staff: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the friendliness of the staff.
Mountain restaurants/ski huts/gastronomy: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the availablity and quality of the restaurants on the slopes.
Après-ski: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the availability of bars and facilities off the mountain.
Accommodation offering directly at the slopes and lifts: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the availability and selection of accomodation on and off the slopes.
Families and children: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the family friendliness of the resort.
Beginners: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the number and length of the beginner slopes.
Advanced skiers/freeriders: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the number and length of the advanced slopes.
Snow parks: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the quality and selection of the snow parks on the slopes.
Cross-country skiing and trails: A rating (out of 5 stars) for the availability and length of cross country skiing trails.
Aerial tramway/reversible ropeway: The number of aerial tramway lifts available.
Rope tow/beginner lift: The number of rope tow lifts available.
People mover: The number of people mover conveyor belt lifts available.
Combined installation (gondola and chair): The number of combined char lift and gondola lifts available.
Cog railway: The number of cog railway lifts available.
Helicopter for Heli-skiing: The number of heli skiiing options available.
Snow caterpillars for Cat-skiing: The number of caterpiller skiing options available.